---
date: 2025-10-27 00:20:31 -7
noteTags: ["thoughts","socMed","creativeLife"]
---
**Mid-Digital-Detox Report:**  
I miss seeing other people's art, but, I know scrolling Bluesky ad-nauseam, or even in snippets isn't really The Way™ to Catch Up on Art™ efficiently. Like, I'm always gonna be made to scroll through some DoomPosting or MundanePosting to get to the art, and I don't like that (…when it's everyone's art at once. I *do* like reading MundanePosting when I'm catching up on a single individual's profile, actually). But scrolling single-column, everybody(\*)s-posts timelines feels like the only way now because _nobody wants to post on art-only sites anymore_ unless they can use it as a free portfolio or business-DM site.
- - -
Sometimes I'm like "maybe I should join Newgrounds—a small but loyal community actually uses that one!", but there are a few problems.  
1. My art doesn't fit the average like, site culture over there. It's not kewl or sexy at all, haha.
2. It'd mean, as per my digital minimalism rules, I'd have to give up SheezyArt or something, cause I never really want to post to two social sites that perform the exact same function: even if the audiences are different. I struggle to redundant-format/redundant-purpose crosspost anyway—it's why I don't really crosspost between Bluesky and Mastodon. But like I _**like**_ SheezyArt, it's just that my fellow weebs don't seem to as much? Which brings me to a nother problem.
- - -
I feel like the art I see do well on SheezyArt is more unique and subculture art. All the English-speaking netizens that like more mainstream and culturally popular art styles like anime and manga like me are out on the mainstream social medias tryna make it big, get attention, and hopefully synthesize the attention into money-then-food.

_But **AGAIN,**_ the design of those SocMed sites and how you have to pull the scroll slots _**sucks!!**_  
Bring back the deviantArt method of an email-like but-more-image-friendly notification inbox with updates separated by the artist and you just go through one artist at a time and see what they've shared.

The standard social media timeline that takes you from one person's voice to another's is like when the two no-touch foods touch. Or when you're putting your teeth through a creamy food and all of a sudden there's a weird, hard, solid in there. _**Ugh!**_