---
date: 2025-07-02 13:17:23 -7
noteTags: ["thoughts","creativeLife"]
eleventyExcludeFromCollections: true
permalink: false
---
Ppl get time to make Creative Things by getting money & support FOR making/working-on those Creative Things™.

Otherwise the Creative Things™ have to be made extremely slowly in the spare-time that can be clawed out of Work Schedules that are NOT for the Creative Thing™.

It's rough out here. /agree  
<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:ybpuvxh7gx3azzfemm53rwrw/app.bsky.feed.post/3lsysezsoq227" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreicxjcvbvooknmhhwhj4cw7jltr5wvadq4twupsioxxoxb775dhk64" data-bluesky-embed-color-mode="system"><p lang="en">Babes. I mean this with the utmost kindness and respect, but funding your own projects or monetizing your social following or „just go indie“ is really, REALLY hard. I have a partner that’s employed and we have no dependents and no dept, and I still can’t make it lol

These cases are the 0.0000001%<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ybpuvxh7gx3azzfemm53rwrw/post/3lsysezsoq227?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Kim Hu (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ybpuvxh7gx3azzfemm53rwrw?ref_src=embed">@kim-hu.com</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:ybpuvxh7gx3azzfemm53rwrw/post/3lsysezsoq227?ref_src=embed">Jul 2, 2025 at 11:04 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
- - -
So like, if you want the person you like to make that creative thing there are like, a few options.

1. Make UBI real
2. Support them through their financial support channels.
- - -
Otherwise it's like, expect their Thing in a billionty years after all the free-time hours they were able to scrape finally amount to the amount of development-time needed to make the Thing.

Which, is a fate less-bad than not making the Thing AT ALL, but y'know. Still.
- - -
Also just in case, there is no social media fairy that comes and gives people a cheque based on follower count.

Like I think it's instinctual to assume that people with like 10k followers and stuff make SOME amount of bank from Socmed, bc the Mr Beasts do, but it's less common than you think.