---
title: "Weekly Roundup Thing #8"
blogSlug: "weekly-roundup-thing-8"
blogCategs:
  - news
blogTags:
  - artUpdates
date: 2024-02-25 17:46:00 -8
redirect_from: "/2024/02/25/weekly-roundup-thing-8/"
eleventyExcludeFromCollections: true
permalink: false
---
I've got… another mixed-vibe'd Weekly Roundup Thing! It's like all of _last_ week's work is gonna make _**next**_ week cool, but _this_ week was a kinda bleh one. Sorry I was quiet, upload-wise.

## Art Roundup

Ya boi did NOT post anything(*).

[I shared a peek at Astra*Mix Mini's cover art.](https://bsky.app/profile/hikatamika.com/post/3klx5y4hn7s2q) [I also shared some logos I did](https://bsky.app/profile/hikatamika.com/post/3km3sqsg2i22v), cause I didn't feel like a good graphic designer. (Thanks for being nice, everyone. [Also, I'm open for work.]) But I did NOT post any new art. Sorry! A lot's coming next week, though!

Queue'd it all up and everything!

## Art Progress

Bro, this week… I made all the… series covers and banners, and all the episode 001 covers and thumbnails for Astra*Mix Minis. I also gave Astra*Mix [a section on this website](https://hikatamika.com/astramix/). I queued up episode 001 on NamiComi, Tapas, _and_ Webtoon… and I made all the promo art pieces into separate social media posts, I recorded lots of footage, and I doodled in my sketchbook… Did some job-hunting stuff…

Yet, somehow, it doesn't feel like I did anything at all. 🙃 That's what sadness can do, I guess. It's weird. Things are going kinda well for me online, but because things seem hopeless and bleak for me IRL, it's as if it doesn't count!

Anyway, coming up this upcoming week:

- **Monday 2/26:** An OC art-share [on my BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/hikatamika.com)
- **Tuesday 2/27:** A new Art Post
- **Wednesday 2/28:** [Astra*Mix Minis](https://hikatamika.com/astramix/) Launches!
- **Thursday 2/29:** A new Art Reveal for the Short Video platforms
- Hoping to finish my piece in support of Palestine by **Friday or Saturday**.

## Art Thoughts

I'm starting to connect with respected artists and industry professionals on BlueSky, and it's making me dizzy because [I feel like I don't belong among them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impostor_syndrome). The attention is scary. It's like everyone's looking at me with my pants down. My friends consider me a hard worker, but it's just because I'm trying to buy myself more time for art and cartooning. Attention is like a weird, double-edged sword. It's a potential path to my survival in this economy, but it sends my anxiety through the roof.

_**All that said, I'd like to give a deep and earnest thank you for 500 followers on BlueSky!**_ I hope that the OC Art Share I host on Monday serves you all in some way.

See you next week!