---
title: "Hika the Comic Groupie"
blogSlug: "hika-the-comic-groupie"
blogCategs:
  - thoughts
blogTags:
  - socMed
date: 2024-09-08 12:05:00 -7
redirect_from: "/2024/09/08/hika-the-comic-groupie/"
---
{% photoset %}
  {% photosetRow %}
      {% photosetItem "/src/img/posts/20240908-01.webp", "Manga-style art of one of my OCs, in a DreamWorks Trolls AU, staring with big sparkly eyes at something beyond the camera." %}
  {% endphotosetRow %}
{% endphotoset %}

Hey-all, Hika here. I've been stuck on what to post here lately as I've moved "here's all the things I drew!" and "here's all the Ko-Fi rewards I made!" over to my [newsletter](https://hikatamika.com/mailing-list/) (which you can subscribe to over [here](https://hikatamika.com/mailing-list/)), especially because I haven't gone anywhere interesting (conventions, zinefests, art markets) lately. So… for now I figured I could talk about thoughts that are intimate enough to go somewhere more special than a social media post, but not private enough that they should be in a paper journal instead.

My time on [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/hikatamika.com/) has been crazy. I've been on [Twitter](https://x.com/HikaTamika) on one account or another since like 2010. That's 14 years!! The whole time I was like, a 300-follower-Andy. Not that that's *bad* as long as I felt in-community with… a community. Which I did. I was in tight-knit friend groups, and felt like a part of the fandoms they were a part of. I was always in my own little lane, but I felt like part of a community, at least.

13 years later!! [Colin Dickey](https://bsky.app/profile/colindickey.com) throws me a life-preserver (in the shape of a BlueSky invite) after Elon was spouting transphobic nonsense on his recent purchase, Twitter. This was during a time where people were offering trans & non-binary creators like me BlueSky invites when Elon was making Twitter more hostile and transphobic. During BlueSky's closed beta (it's open now), there were certain tribes like the furry tribe and the sex-worker tribe that were always fun and unserious, but a lot of BlueSky felt full of industry pros. *Get a couple invites, toss 'em to your colleagues.* If I were a pro (I guess I count as a professional graphic designer, but pretend I don't for a second), and BSky was still closed, I'd do that too! Outside of my friends, I'd wanna hang out with my peers.

For a while after that, BlueSky felt like something professional that little-old-me had managed to sneak into. Yes, I had a graphic design degree and was doing freelance graphic design, (I even both got hired for, and laid off from, my first graphic design 9-5 while on BSky,) but something felt… wrong about me. Especially as a wannabe comic artist. I felt out of place without many consumers, fandomers, and hobbyists beside me. I felt like a little rescue among the best of the best. No one was mean to me or anything, everyone was very nice, but a little voice inside my head was singing "one of these things is not like the other~🎵".

Fast forward to like, February of 2024. I had some comic pages I'd recently finished and was about to put out. I made a [Black Cartoonist Art Share](https://bsky.app/profile/hikatamika.com/post/3kkgyf46p322z) for Black History Month because I was looking for people to follow. There weren't a lot of responses. I didn't really have the reach, and BlueSky's population was smaller at the time. But, a lot of non-black cartoonists really liked the gesture, and boosted the post to give it as much reach as possible, sending me from 366 followers to 630. I'd never experienced something like that before. It was crazy!

That was 4 days before BlueSky opened its doors to public signups, and since then, I've just been drawing my little illustrations, making my little zine (singular), drawing my little micro-comic (singular), and trying to support fellow(\*, bear with me on the asterisk,) comic artists and fellow OC artists. And unlike Twitter, Instagram, and the rest, which had me locked in their metaphorical basements the whole time I'd been using them, posting and interacting with others on BlueSky steadily furthered my reach. The more I tried to help the comic and original character communities through [fun activities](https://bsky.app/profile/hikatamika.com/post/3kzjt6b5pif24) and BlueSky's Starter Pack feature, the more people supported me, in turn. Now I'm standing at 1,400 followers which is absolutely mindblowing to me. If you asked me last year, or even in January of this year if I thought I could reach 1k by July/August, I'd laugh at you and go *"pfft, **no?!**"*

***Because I'd think I'd have to earn it by skill-based respect alone.*** And the fact that I've reached 1.4k with skill-based respect… *not…* ***really*** being a major factor as to why (rather, being kind and helpful), makes it difficult for me to take in stride. I engage a lot and interact a lot because I genuinely feel it in my heart to do so. The same goes for sharing resources. I'm like the neurodivergent kid who can't help but share an interesting factoid when it's relevant to the conversation. But replace that with tech/software/printing/web/design/3d/art/comic/etc./*etc.*/***etc.*** solutions when I see people on my timeline in search for one. Because I'm neurodivergent, and love to learn. And as a wannabe comic artist I wear a lot of hats.

In the past few months people I respect a lot in the comic industry have been connecting with me! It's amazing! It makes me a little shy. I feel a great deal of impostor syndrome around it, actually.

Yes, I've had a story in "webcomic dev" since 2015 (hasn't everybody?). Yes, a love of learning, and webcomics/manga as special interests have caused me to become very knowledgeable in both, and their related subjects. Yes, I've drawn some comic pages that you will never see because they're ugly, and [some that you ***can** see* because they're not that bad…](https://hikatamika.com/library/) but that's *[two](https://hikatamika.com/astramix/)* (or three if you count the end of the zine) [public pages](https://hikatamika.com/astramix/) in the traditional sense, and [*one* comic zine](https://hikatamika.com/comic/heads-tails-cover/). I feel like a fraud. I feel like maybe, if I had the credentials and did a masters degree or a PhD or something, I could easily become a comics professor with all the comics process knowledge my brain likes to soak up… but with a public-facing page count of 3… The impostor syndrome hits hard. I do not feel like I deserve the comics community that has accepted me. I feel like maybe I shouldn't call myself a comic artist. (Somehow I feel like I really shouldn't call myself one till I have at least *one* book out or *one* ongoing series in production.)

***I feel like a groupie. But without the sex.*** (It's funny at first 😂... but then I get sad the more I think about it 😢…)

I have plans to remedy this, though. Writing-wise I still tend to lean towards things that feel more like comic series and one-volume graphic novels. But, while I continue to develop those in writing/outlines, I want to return to making 1-4 page comics of OC moments and interactions instead of feeling like I either have to come out with a book or a long-running series, or otherwise, that I have to make illustrations because illustrations are what dominate social media. I have to get better at giving myself episodic 1-to-4-pager prompts for those instead of going "what if" and ending up with *yet another,* **long form,** ***comic series idea, <u>that I can't do anything actionable with right away</u>***. (At least not comfortably, anyway.)

I *used* to have a plan for this that involved making micro-comics out of TikTok sounds so I could double them into the OC animation skits that our society loves so much. ***Until I realized that editing TikToks is such a <u>side-quest</u> for me as someone that does not enjoy animation** (outside of motion graphics).* And I don't like scrolling the FYP to find prompts/sounds. *AND,* by the time I'd finish one anyway, both in comic and motion-comic format, the algorithmic TikTok trend would already be over. Now, I wanna come up with snippet scenarios all on my own to show off the inking, toning, and lettering skills that I strongly feel I have. They're waiting to be used… they don't need a 50 chapter epic or a 4 chapter book as an excuse to come out. Oh yeah, and I wanna do those to get people attached to, and intrigued by, my characters without spoiling my future projects.

So my brain is like "just bear with me, and I'll deserve your kindness and community, comic folks!!", though I know I shouldn't think that way.

OC-folks that have projects in another medium, or just have OCs for fun, I'm sorry that you had to sit through all that.