---
title: "I Wish More People Used Sheezy Rn"
date: 2025-05-21 09:00:00 -7
blogSlug: "sheezy"
blogCategs: ["thoughts"]
blogTags: ["socMed"]
eleventyExcludeFromCollections: true
permalink: false
---
Like, YEAH, I wish more people used SheezyArt… The folks who like my art on BSky, I wish they'd come to SheezyArt too.  
I think a lot of artists, especially the ones who have to pay bills using their art (I'm in the same predicament, but don't make the same SocMed choices as them), just want to focus all their energy on general audience sites where they can attract both **fans** and **peers** all in one place.  

But what I miss in deviantArt that I'm enjoying in SheezyArt is that like, _art-**focused**_ peer-to-peer, artist-to-artist-focused website experience. Compared to, (only using) mainstream, general-audience social media (like most people do), where it's a firehose of all types of posts in all topics at all times.  

Of the sites trying to fill the dA-hole rn, I do like Sheezy the best. For UI reasons… for steady-growth reasons…  
I feel like artists like trying Cara out of any neo-dA sites because they like how ArtStation-y and hiring-manager-friendly it looks (bro we [as a society] are struggling—it always has to be about money bc the wealthy are hoarding it all but I digress). But the rockiness of its too-fast-too-expensive growth, the way the dev team goes silent for too long, AND how they haven't returned YouTube-embeds-as-projects (MY 3D MODEL TURNAROUNDS NEED THOSE 😭) makes me lukewarm on it.  

To the point where I'd rather point a hiring manager to my Sheezy, as casual and personal and old-web as it may seem, than my "so sleek you can slip and fall on a tile" Cara account. At least my 3D models are on Sheezy, bro. (/nm at Cara just y'know)
